Created a new article for Quality Highlights and Franklin key figures (#429)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/franklin-insights/franklin-key-figures.md

---
id: franklin-key-figures
themes: franklin-insights
title: Franklin **key figures**
popular: false
ee-only: true
related: franklin-insights-subscriptions
---
# A dedicated dashboard

> You want to follow your activity using Franklin? There's a dashboard for this!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You want to follow your activity using Franklin? There is a dashboard for this!
```

1. Click on `Activity`
2. Click on `Franklin key figures`

![Franklin's dashboard screen](../img/Akeneo_Screenshot_Franklin_Insights_key-figures.png)

# Quality Highlights KPI

> The first section of the dashboard lets you know the number of product values Franklin added to your catalog. There are several ways for Franklin to contribute to your catalog enrichment:

Reviewer 2: Maybe "suggested" instead of "added"? they are not necessarily added

> - Create a new attribute

Reviewer 2: "Suggest a new attribute" ?

> - Add an attribute value

Reviewer 2: Suggest an attribute value ?

- Detect an error in an attribute value

> To help you follow Franklin's activity, you can follow the following key figures:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To help you see data quality activity by Franklin, you can track these key metrics:
```

- `Attribute created`: attributes suggested and created using the attribute mapping screen,
- `Attribute added to family`: attributes created and added using the attribute mapping screen,

> - `Attribute values validated`: attribute values for which Franklin found the same value as the one filled in the PIM,

Reviewer 2: maybe simply "attributes values validated by Franklin" / "PIM attributes values validated by Franklin" ?

> - `Attribute values in error`: errors detected in the PIM's attribute values,

Reviewer 2: Maybe "attributes values errors detected by Franklin" / "PIM attributes values errors detected by Franklin" ?

> - `Attribute values suggested`: attribute content suggested by Franklin and validated in the PIM,

Reviewer 2: Not clear, what do you mean by validated in the PIM?
I think this one is simply "attribute value suggested by Franklin", isn't it?

- `Attribute names and values`: combination of an attribute label and content suggested by Franklin and validated in the PIM.

# Credits countdown

In this section of the Franklin Activity dashboard, you can follow your credits and subscription countdown. The following figures are available and updated as you subscribe to new products or buy new credits:
- `Credits total`: the total number of credits you are entitled to use,

> - `Credits consumed`: the number of credits you have already used. This equals the number of products for which you have subscribed to Franklin,

Reviewer 2: dot at the end of the sentence instead of comma
